How do I join a society?
Attend the open house event to join societies you're interested in;
society members are chosen through interviews with the society's HR.

What do the number tags below each society represent?
The blue number tags below each society indicate the number of
members. Click the society's name to view a list of all members.

How are members selected for a society's hierarchy?
Hierarchy members are elected based on the number of votes they
receive from society members. Candidates run for specific positions,
and the candidate with the most votes wins.

Who is eligible to participate in the elections?
Every society member is eligible to participate in the elections both as
a candidate and as a voter.

Can anyone stand for any position as a candidate?
Yes, members can apply for any position, but the admin approves
applications according to the "Polls Rule" book.

How to vote?
Navigate to the elections page through the sidebar. Access the
elections by clicking on the particular society, and you'll find the "Vote"
option below each election. Select your candidate and click "Submit Vote".

How do I apply as a candidate for a particular election?
Navigate to the elections page through the sidebar. Access the
elections by clicking on the particular society, and you'll find the "Apply"
option below each election. Type your Manifesto and click "Submit Application". Wait for the application to get approved by the admin.

My application has been submitted, but my name isn't on the candidate list. Why?
Your name will be on the candidate's list as soon as your application
gets approved by the admin.

What is a manifesto?
"A manifesto is a public declaration outlining the intentions, motives, or
views of an individual, group, or organization. It serves as a statement
of purpose, often used to rally support or communicate a specific

Is the result calculation automated?
Yes, the system automatically calculates the results and determines
the winner according to the number of votes given by the society members.